docs: upgrade and message format version handling for Kafka 3.0 and later (#5843)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/upgrading/ref-upgrade-kafka-versions.adoc

.Inter-broker protocol version

In Kafka, the network protocol used for inter-broker communication is called the _inter-broker protocol_.
Each version of Kafka has a compatible version of the inter-broker protocol.
The minor version of the protocol typically increases to match the minor version of Kafka, as shown in the preceding table.

The inter-broker protocol version is set cluster wide in the `Kafka` resource.
To change it, you edit the `inter.broker.protocol.version` property in `Kafka.spec.kafka.config`.

.Log message format version

When a producer sends a message to a Kafka broker, the message is encoded using a specific format.
The format can change between Kafka releases, so messages specify which version of the message format they were encoded with.

The properties used to set a specific message format version are as follows:

* `message.format.version` property for topics
* `log.message.format.version` property for Kafka brokers

> From Kafka {DefaultKafkaVersion}, the message format version values are assumed to match the `inter.broker.protocol.version` and don't need to be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Kafka 3.0.0, the message format version values are assumed to match the `inter.broker.protocol.version` and don't need to be set.
```

The values reflect the Kafka version used.

> When upgrading to Kafka {DefaultKafkaVersion} or higher, you can remove these settings when you update the `inter.broker.protocol.version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to Kafka 3.0.0 or higher, you can remove these settings when you update the `inter.broker.protocol.version`.
```
